Adding provider constraint best practice statement (#32697)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/providers/index.mdx

## How to Use Providers

> Providers are released on a separate rhythm from Terraform itself, and thus have their own version numbers. For production use, it is recommended to constrain the acceptable provider versions by pinning it via configuration, to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be automatically installed by `terraform init` in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers are released separately from Terraform itself, and have their own version numbers. In production we recommend constraining the acceptable provider versions in the configuration's provider requirements block, to make sure that `terraform init` does not install newer versions of the provider that are incompatible with the configuration.
```
